Document banner & banner color (#3448)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/User.md

| bot?          | boolean   | whether the user belongs to an OAuth2 application                                                    | identify              |
| system?       | boolean   | whether the user is an Official Discord System user (part of the urgent message system)              | identify              |
| mfa_enabled?  | boolean   | whether the user has two factor enabled on their account                                             | identify              |
| banner?       | ?string   | the user's banner, or null if unset                                                                  | identify              |

> | banner_color? | ?number   | the user's banner color as a hex string prefixed with "#", or null if unset                          | identify              |

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `?string`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| banner_color? | ?string   | the user's banner color as a hex string prefixed with "#", or null if unset                          | identify              |
```

Author: Yes, I wrote that before I realized it's a hex string lol

> | banner_color? | ?number   | the user's banner color as a hex color                                                               | identify              |

Reviewer 3: This should be decimal, not hex. A decimal of a hex value to be more precise.

Author: Feels kind of weird to me to refer to it as decimal given it's not really decimal? Embeds just document `color` as "color code of the embed" so something like "color of the user's banner" might work better.

Reviewer 2: [role](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/permissions#role-object-role-structure ) color has a longer description ~~because obviously it can't be consistent~~

> | banner_color? | ?number   | the user's banner color encoded as an integer represnetation of hexadecimal color code               | identify              |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| banner_color? | ?integer  | the user's banner color encoded as an integer representation of hexadecimal color code               | identify              |
```

Shouldn't this say its rgb?

Author: I just based it off the role color docs, might be good to change both
